---
title: FF14
---

# FF14 Notes

## Dungeons

Some notes [from here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1MX0RjPS4gtT6YI5Szxlsin9hcaohnEQQC7zNdrDHBrQ/edit#gid=0)

#### 15 Sastasha

- Discarded note shows coral colour to spawn first boss, others spawn adds
- Fast route through raider base: Captain's Quarters, Waverider Gate
- Extra treasure: Navigator's, The Hole, Deckhand's [can loot without fighting]
- **Boss 3** interact with bubbling panels to prevent adds

#### 16 Tam-tara Deepcroft
#### 17 Copperbell Mines
#### 20 Ifrit
#### 20 Halitali
#### 24 Thousand Maws of Toto-rak
#### 28 Haukke Manor
#### 32 Brayflox's Longstep

- Talk to goblin for key
- **Boss 1** Lots of adds, can tank boss near back gate to easily pick up the adds
- Save goblins inside time limit, each one is loot
- **Boss 2** NPC pulls enmity, hides near party, focusing boss cone AOEs. Boss can be sleeped when adds come in.
- **Boss 3** Bubbles party members, destroy to free. Dragon shows up when first boss dies.
- Miniboss (Couerl) to the side with generally good loot?
- **Boss 4** Lots of poison! Acid puddles target party members, poison party and heals boss. Ranged should cluster near edge of a puddle and "walk" them around one side of the room.

#### 34 Titan

- Edge danger!
- Rock jails, destroy them to free friends.
- Giant AOE: run to _ON_ the edge of the red circle, face center
- Destroy Titan's Heart or die

#### 35 Sunken Temple of Qarn

- Bees suck, stun Final Sting all the time
- Collect 4 relics
- Stone faces should be killed on top of floor panels to open doors etc.
- **Boss 1** Boss will AOE Doom, run to lit panel to dispel
- **Boss 2** Soulstone, then Boss
- L1 Helm, R1 Gem, L2 Flame, R2 Fruit: treasure room access
- **Boss 3** Kill stones on panels (_all_ respawn if you do it wrong). Verges shoot lasers, should be killed. Black ground stuff gets an arena wall, either dps inside or ignore.

#### 38 Cutter's Cry

- Avoid moving sand/geysers on the floor
- First room need to kill everything to spawn more, to get passageway to spawn
- **Boss 1** Just DPS down, level scaling > mechanics
- **Boss 2** Keep spread, worm dives down and comes back up to target 1 player. Run to edge during whirlpool.
- **Boss 3** Keep mid-range - "Violet Eyes" stack on boss to avoid AOE, "Blue Eyes" back up to avoid AOE DOT, lightning orb will chase and AOE on contact.

#### 41 Stone Vigil
#### 44 Dzemael Darkhold
#### 44 Garuda
